INSTRUCTIONS FOR ATMLAB AUTHORS

The top directory (where you find this file) shall only contain
general information. The provided functions shall be placed in
suitable sub-folder. If you think that your function really not fit
into the topic of any existing sub-folder you are free to add a new
sub-folder, but please select a name/topic of the new folder with
care. Don't select a too broad subject as then it is not clear what
functions you can expect to find in the folder. If you select a too
narrow subject there is a chance that your function will be alone in
the folder. An exception is of course if you make a complete set of
functions for a particular purpose, when it makes sense to create a
particular folder for your functions. You need to edit 
atmlab/atmlab_init to include the new folder in the search path.

Each function shall have a clear description, a header. You are
recommended to use either the style used by MathWorks or the style
described in examples/example_heading.m (you find an empty header in
empty_header.m). The file example_heading.m contains also some hints
regarding optional variables and how to set default variables. The two
main options should be Matlab's *inputParser* and Atmlab's
*funcinput*. 

Follow the guidelines for atmlab functions, described in README, as
far as possible.

The changes done for each SVN commit shall be explained satisfactorily
in ChangeLog. 

Please join the atmlab-dev mailing list at
https://www.sat.ltu.se/mailman/listinfo/atmlab-dev

Patrick Eriksson, 2002-12-09   <patrick.eriksson@chalmers.se>
